The Joe Rogan experience. Um, what.
Is it like in the lockdown for you? You still live in New York.
Yeah. I live in New York, so yeah. I mean it's, I was telling everybody it's,
uh, you know, it's, it's very, it's not like new people like us,
like New York in the seventies now, the seventies was a whole different vibe.
And, but now it's all boarded up stores, the store, my corner,
like the corner bodega basically just closed. And it was, uh, you know,
it was around for a long time and you know, it's,
it's depressing like you on the subway.
There's only a few people on and it's still smell it smells is they've been
cleaning it every day and it still stinks. It doesn't even smell better.
That's how ingrained it is. And, um, you know,
the, the pigeons are homeless. Cause Antifa took down all the statues,
so they have no place to live. And, um, yeah,
it's a very sad, it's a very, uh, weird place. Yeah. You can't.
Say like people that say it's like the seventies, like no, the seventies,
it was like, it was the fifties and the sixties and the seventies was like,
it didn't change much. It was seedy and weird. And,
but it was always like that this is our drastic change from six months ago.
You can't say it's like the seventies because it's not, it's like a,
something's deteriorated, there's a collapse. Right.
And then there's all this weirdness that comes along with that. The.
Seventies was kind of a collapse, but it was a different type.
So like in the seventies, all the stores at night would be locked up,
but they were open during the day. So at night,
if anybody's out after nine at night, that was on them. But I mean,
but it was not like now that she's 24,
you're walking down deserted streets is nobody out. You know what I mean?
Have you always lived in New York present? Yeah. Yeah.
So, so it was sketchy in the seventies.
Oh my God. Yeah. I mean, I did a whole, I did a whole show about it basically,
but I mean,
it was basically like we bought one of the jokes from my own New York story was
that, and it wasn't a joke.
It was if you walk down your block because there's no cell phone.
So if you walk down the block from the train, after nine at night,
people would lean out the window and be like, genuinely surprised,
like good for you. You made it home. If you, if you stayed out, if tonight,
like times square people would go to Broadway shows by 11
o'clock.
It was deserted except for criminals because people would leave watershed.
They wouldn't go out for a drink with dinner.
They would get in a car and get out immediately.
And Giuliani is the one that cleaned all that up. Juliana cleaned it up. Yeah.
And then amazing. It gets no respect. Now. Now.
I know, you know, he went a little crazy, but he really, he,
he did what no politician has ever done in, in any, in history,
which is, he said, I'm going to transform this. And he did. He.
Turned it around. Yeah. He really did. He really did. Maybe.
A little too far,
like at a certain may have been a little too far square became like a mall.
He has times square is very, uh, uninspiring to became like a big Applebee's,
but that's yeah. That's exactly. That's exactly what it's like.
And w you know, even though like, now I look back and I'm like, oh,
taxi driver in New York, it was edgy. It was fun.
But at the time it was joke people, you know,
I glamorize it through rose colored glasses, but it was serious. Yeah.
So the thing about.
Crime and crime ridden areas, like people always glamorize it after the fact,
but if you're living there while it's going down, it's terrible.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, most people love New York once he took over in the nineties,
people forget that. Yeah. That everybody was just like, oh,
I can go out at night. Oh, I can work. I can in, I mean, before that it was,
it was crazy. And I used to bartend around times square. And I mean,
the stuff you saw, you know, was just brutal. You know.
What I mean? Well,
one of the things we're finding out from this lockdown is that it really is
important who your mayor is to be important. He didn't really care.
People didn't care who the mayor of LA was,
half the people didn't even know that's right. And now they're like,
who is this? That's keeping everything closed. Yeah. Yeah.
And the same thing with New York.
Was Blasio from day one, Mo a lot of people like it and now everybody hates it.
But this is his second term. Yes. He got reelected. Oh, he swept both elections.
That's hilarious.
You know? And now we're finding out yeah.
Oh, he's, he's a. Yeah. Just took, it, took something,
whereas a crisis where you realize like, this is not a leader.
And everybody hated Bloomberg for running a third term.
They wish they had him for fifth. Now, remember, he's like, oh,
he's forced himself to rifle one for third, nobody misses, you know.
A guy like him. Could he go back? Could he run again?
Because he can't be president.
Ones. But, um.
I don't know. He was so terrible in the debate.
It's so funny because the thing about Bloomberg that disappointed me as far as
it was when he was mayor, when he first got elected mayor, I was a Darrell,
Hammond had to bail on some show he supposed to do so they,
at the last minute they asked me to do a favor, do a guest shot at the show,
which I go up really didn't go that well. But it was, you know,
I did what he was asking me.
What kind of show, what was a standup show? But it was just a show.
For Bloomberg Bloomberg. I was trying to get the, uh,
the Olympics here or something. I think it was the Olympics. So he asked me to,
you know, Doris was at a show when he had something else.
So I ran over and I lived in Midtown. I ran over, literally ran over.
Did the show in front of the Olympic committee or whatever the committee was.
I think it was the Olympics and you know, 30 people in his uncomfortable room.
And then afterwards Bloomberg shook my hand and I knew he was already a
billionaire. And he goes, I owe you one. I go, thanks. Thanks. He goes, no, no,
no. I don't just say that. I always, we pay my debts. I owe you one.
So I was kind of hoping to be president. And then I could call in my chit.
Cause I never did the whole time. He was mayor realized he was busy.
I let it slide. But.
He still owes you though, huh? Yeah. You got it on a ledger somewhere.
No, but I just have my oral, I believe in the, or I have the oral history.
Oh yeah. I mean, I've thought it came right out. Didn't.
It? Got it. Oh yeah. So maybe if he becomes a man, can you become married again?
How does that work? Can be president again? Can you be mayor again?
I guess you can. Yeah. Why not? Is probably no longer.
Governor of California that Jerry Brown guy, he became governor again.
That's right. Yeah. So if you can be governing, you've gotta be mayor.
Like he was governor in like the nineties, the early nineties,
I think, I.
Think in the eighties, because I think Johnny Costa used to make those shirts.
Oh, for smoking.
Crack didn't he went again in DC for being.
Married. Mary and Barry. Yeah. There you go.
I wonder how many terms he did though.
Like wonder if there's like a limit on how many terms you could be.
You're more politically minded than I am. Like.
I don't know that kind of stuff though. No. How many.
Terms can you be a mayor?
Cause someone like Bloomberg has got to come back in and clean New York city up.
Cause it's,
you're not going to get there with this social justice warrior out to the
DeBlasio has it's just going to lead to more complete deterioration of that
city. Yeah.
But it may, it may be too late. You never know too late. You never know. I mean,
nobody likes to think of New York that way, but it's like a lot of people,
so many people move to that. I was shocked,
moved to the suburbs that I was like, wow, this is serious. Like,
I didn't really believe it just because I'm so New York, like I just,
I don't even think in terms of leaving New York, even, even though, you know,
it's irrevocably changed to me before any of this happened.
But so many people moved out. I was like, this is getting sick. What'd.
You think about that? Uh, alter cer Jerry Seinfeld,
little feud about New York is dead. You know?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, look, you can argue either side of it and be right.
You know what I mean? Like, I don't want it to be dead, but at the same time,
we're not going to pretend it's not in deep trouble. Yeah. So, I mean,
I don't want to, I don't know how.
It gets out. That's what my worry is. I know.
Unless COVID gets cured and then Ari Shaffir things,
artists are going to start moving in again. But that's, he's one of those guys.
Right? He's got that, you know? Cause he.
Needs to be gritty. New York city needs to be right. Yeah.
But ever been mugged. That's why I never really had the beat out of them.
Yeah. You do need a couple of those in life.
You just need to know that it's possible to be like, oh,
what does gritty mean to you? Let me tell you it's it, ain't a,
it's not midnight cowboy.
That's a movie real gritty as you get stabbed and then it gets infected
and then you're in the hospital for six months.
Yeah. Yeah. You need to, at least ever had, had regretted laughing.
Cause you're holding your broken rib at least for six weeks in a row.
You're like, is this ever going to get better?
Yeah. It's um, that gritty is like, boy. Yeah. I see what you're saying.
I kind of get, I know. Yeah. Some places that are gritty. They're fun.
Yeah. No it's it's fun. And like I said, when I'm watching taxi driver,
I'm like, yeah, I miss New York. But I mean, I would walk.
I remember walking through times square.
We don't have to ask what I was doing at 12 o'clock at night by myself,
19 80, 81.
And literally they had like thieves dens above the porno theaters.
They had thieves dens. So like they go through, they had a little turnstile.
I went in one once with this kid, he was taking me there.
If I forget what we're trying to do something shady I'm sure. And he went,
we went up and it was like 50, like thieves, like, like, like Oliver,
only New York,
like a gang of people with illegal goods trading, illegal goods,
right on 42nd street. Wow. It was crazy.
As you see gangs running down, if anybody was there, just swarm somebody,
take their stuff, leave them on the ground and just keep going. The.
Thing about it is though the, the disrespect of the police right now. Right.
It leads it to a very difficult situation of trying to bring it back.
It's like that didn't that wasn't the case in the eighties and nineties people
respected the police. Like when they, when Giuliani brought it back there,
wasn't this overall nationwide resentment of the police force like we're
having now, which is pretty unprecedented.
Well, I mean, there sort of was in New York. Actually at that time,
there was a couple of incidents where, you know, but yes, not like this,
this is a different level,
a luxury that people are labeled to indulge themselves by,
by putting all, you know, lightening rod sort of, you know what I mean?
Like the police to me, it's like a proxy war, you know what I mean?
Everybody knows cops, everybody knows cops and nuts.
We all had the friend that you grew up with. You like whatever happened to him,
he became a cop. He became a cop.
But, but.
You know, no one denies that pot. Um, even cops know that about themselves.
But that being said, it's easy for everybody to just go, okay. Like I say,
proxy war.
So all the bottled up racial resentment in the country.
And it's like the people that have to actually go and say, Hey, listen,
here's what has to happen. They're going to be the,
they're going to be the fall guy for that. And that's, you know what I mean?
That's what this is. In my opinion.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere.
But after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.